Fortune not found? Abort, Retry, Ignore.
Don't forget you are always on our minds.
The greatest love is self-love.
You are very talented in many ways.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
You cannot love life until you live the life you love.
A very attractive person has a message for you.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
The love of your life is stepping into your planet this summer.
The man or woman you desire feels the same about you.
The fortune you seek is in another cookie.
You can make your own happiness.
Your shoes will make you happy today.
Meeting adversity well is the source of your strength.
You already know the answer to the questions lingering inside your head.
There is no greater pleasure than seeing your loved ones prosper.
Help! I am being held prisoner in a fortune cookie factory.
Be on the lookout for coming events; They cast their shadows beforehand.
A smile is your passport into the hearts of others.
Change can hurt, but it leads a path to something better.
Hidden in a valley beside an open stream- This will be the type of place where you will find your dream.
You will travel to many exotic places in your lifetime.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
A new voyage will fill your life with untold memories.
When fear hurts you, conquer it and defeat it!
Adversity is the parent of virtue.
Meeting adversity well is the source of your strength.
Your ability for accomplishment will follow with success.
Because of your melodic nature, the moonlight never misses an appointment.
Never give up. You're not a failure if you don't give up.
It is now, and in this world, that we must live.
You must try, or hate yourself for not trying.
Now is the time to try something new.
You will be called in to fulfill a position of high honor and responsibility.
Fortune favors the brave.
The world may be your oyster, but it doesn't mean you'll get its pearl.
The road to riches is paved with homework.
The man on the top of the mountain did not fall there.
The greatest risk is not taking one.
You will conquer obstacles to achieve success.
A stranger, is a friend you have not spoken to yet.
What ever you're goal is in life, embrace it visualize it, and for it will be yours.
Its amazing how much good you can do if you dont care who gets the credit.
Everyone agrees. You are the best.
You will marry your lover.
Wealth awaits you very soon.
A short stranger will soon enter your life with blessings to share.
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
You learn from your mistakes... You will learn a lot today.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
If you have something good in your life, don't let it go!
Jealousy doesn't open doors, it closes them!
People are naturally attracted to you.
The greatest danger could be your stupidity.
If you look back, you'll soon be going that way.
You will become great if you believe in yourself.
Land is always on the mind of a flying bird.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
You will live long enough to open many fortune cookies.
A dream you have will come true.
LIFE CONSISTS NOT IN HOLDING GOOD CARDS, BUT IN PLAYING THOSE YOU HOLD WELL.
Let the deeds speak.
If winter comes, can spring be far behind?
Actions speak louder than fortune cookies.
It's better to be alone sometimes.
Keep your eye out for someone special.
Enjoy the good luck a companion brings you.
Flattery will go far tonight.
Love can last a lifetime, if you want it to.
A chance meeting opens new doors to success and friendship.
You will be hungry again in one hour.
Joys are often the shadows, cast by sorrows.
Your ability for accomplishment will follow with success.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind, and won't change the subject.
Hard work pays off in the future, laziness pays off now.